update Observability operations docs (#11357)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/operation-guides/01-install-kyma.md

---
title: Install Kyma
---

> You can simply use the default Kyma installation, or modify it as it fits your purposes:

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the default Kyma installation, or modify it as it fits your purposes:
```

## Default installation

> You can simply use the `deploy` command without any flags, and Kyma provides a default domain. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you use the `deploy` command without any flags, Kyma provides a default domain. 
```

For example, if you install Kyma on a local cluster, the default URL is `https://console.local.kyma.dev`.

  ```
  kyma deploy
  ```

> ## Install a profile

Author: ```suggestion
## Choose resource consumption
```

A profile is defined globally for the whole Kyma installation. It's not possible to install a profile only for the selected components. However, you can [change the settings](#03-change-kyma-config-values) by overriding the values set for the profile. The profile values have precedence over the default chart values, and override values have precedence over the applied profile.

## Install specific configuration values

- To install Kyma with different configuration values, use the `--values-file` and the `--value` flag. For details, see [Change Kyma settings](#03-change-kyma-config-values).

## Install with custom domain

To install Kyma using your own domain name, you must provide the certificate and key as files. 
If you don't have a certificate yet, you can create a self-signed certificate and key:

  ```
  openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out crt.pem -days 365
  ```

  When prompted, provide your credentials, such as your name and your domain (as wildcard: `*.$DOMAIN`).

  Then, pass the certificate files to the deploy command:

  ```
  kyma deploy --domain {DOMAIN} --tls-cert crt.pem --tls-key key.pem
  ```

## Install from a specific source

> Optionally, you can specify from which source you want to deploy Kyma, such as the `main` branch (or any other branch on the Kyma repository), a specific PR, or a release version. For more details, see the documentation for the `deploy` command.<br>

Author: There are more options than branch, PR, or release version, so I'd like to add "for example" to your sentence. But I'm not sure how to do it; `Commit suggestion` won't let me edit it

> Optionally, you can specify from which source you want to deploy Kyma, such as the `main` branch (or any other branch on the Kyma repository), a specific PR, or a release version. For more details, see the documentation for the `deploy` command.<br>

Reviewer: I managed to modify it :)
